1. 'I have given Player 2 50 dollars. \nI have not told the recipient how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did not affect my choice.',
2. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have given Player 2 50 dollars. \nI have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. \nThe information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice.',
3. 'I have decided to give Player 2 20 dollars. \nI did not disclose how much money I have been given to the recipient.\nThe information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice.',
4. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have given Player 2 50 dollars. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice.',
5. 'I have given $20 to Player 2. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient did not affect my choice.',
6. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have given Player 2 $10. I have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. The fact that the recipient is a millionaire did not affect my choice.',
7. 'As Player 1, I have given Player 2 20 dollars. I have not disclosed how much money I have been given to the recipient. The information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice as a trustee.',
8. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have decided to give Player 2 50 dollars. I have not disclosed how much money I have been given to the recipient. The information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice as my decision was based on fairness and what I deemed to be a reasonable amount to give.',
9. "As a HR Executive and trustee, I have decided to give Player 2 20 dollars of the 100 dollars I was given. I have not disclosed the amount of money I have been given to the recipient. The fact that the recipient is a millionaire did not affect my decision as my responsibility as a trustee is to distribute the funds fairly and not based on the recipient's financial status.",
10. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have decided to give Player 2 $20 of the $100 I was given to begin this game. I have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. The information about the recipient being a millionaire did not affect my choice.'