1. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have decided to give $50 to Player 2. I have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my decision, as I wanted to help them as much as I could without completely depleting my funds.',
2. 'I have given $50 to Player 2. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient did affect my choice as I considered their need for the money when deciding how much to give.',
3. 'I have decided to give Player 2 50 dollars. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient did affect my choice as I took into consideration that they really needed the money.',
4. 'I have given Player 2 50 dollars. \nI have not told the recipient how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice as it made me want to help them as much as possible while also being fair to myself.',
5. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have given Player 2 50 dollars. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice to give them half of the initial amount.',
6. 'I have given Player 2 $50. \nI have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. \nThe information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice in giving $50 instead of keeping the entire amount for myself.',
7. 'I have given $50 to Player 2. \nI have not told the recipient how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice as I took into consideration that they really need the money.',
8. 'I have decided to give Player 2 50 dollars. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient did affect my choice as I took into consideration that they really need the money.',
9. 'As a HR Executive and trustee, I have given $50 to Player 2. I did not disclose the amount of money I was given to the recipient. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice to give some money to them.',
10. 'I have given Player 2 $50. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice.'