1. 'As a trustee, I have given Player 2 $100. I did not disclose how much money I received to the recipient. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice, as I wanted to help them out as much as possible.',
2. 'I have given Player 2 $50. \nI have not told the recipient how much money I have received.\nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice, as I took into consideration that they really need the money.',
3. 'I have given $50 to Player 2. \nI did not tell the recipient how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice as it made me want to be more generous and help them as much as possible.',
4. 'I have decided to give Player 2 $50. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice, as I wanted to help them as much as I could without putting myself in a difficult financial situation.',
5. 'I have decided to give Player 2 $50. I did not disclose how much money I have received to the recipient. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice and influenced me to give more.',
6. 'As a trustee, I have given Player 2 80 dollars. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice as I wanted to provide a substantial amount to assist them.',
7. 'I have given Player 2 50 dollars. \nI did not tell the recipient how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice as I felt more compelled to give more since they really need the money.',
8. 'I have given Player 2 $50. \nI did not disclose how much money I have received. \nThe information about the recipient did affect my choice. Since I know the recipient really needs the money, I decided to give them half of what I was given to help them out.',
9. 'I have decided to give Player 2 $50. I have not told the recipient how much money I have received. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice, as I wanted to help them as much as I could while still having enough for myself.',
10. 'As Player 1, I have decided to give Player 2 $50 of the initial $100 I was given. I have not disclosed how much money I have received to the recipient. The information about the recipient needing the money did affect my choice as I felt compelled to help as much as I could without completely depleting my own resources.'