1. 'I have received 0 dollars. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
2. 'I have received 3 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
3. 'I received 9 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
4. 'I received 4 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
5. 'I received 12 dollars. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, receiving 12 dollars does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
6. 'I received 9 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
7. 'I received 10 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
8. 'I have received 1 dollar. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, this does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
9. 'I received 10 dollars.Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, receiving 10 dollars does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
10. 'I received 8 dollars. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, receiving 8 dollars does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
11. 'I received 10 dollars from Player 2 in this round. Since I am not in control of how much money I receive, receiving 10 dollars does not change my strategy for future rounds. I will continue to trust Player 2 as the trustee and hope for the best outcome for both of us.',
